I, as a teacher, can't allow this decision.
What do you want to do?
These hundreds of Russian citizens, extremists,
are against our Constitution.
Do you think that this is all, that extremism and so on?
But extremism, as they explain, is the light of the ego,
that they think their faith is true.
But forgive me, what faith is the light of their faith?
The light of the ego, the church in which many countries have their share,
and the whole freedom of speech is nowhere to be considered extremist.
And we have the light of the ego, as the light of their faith.
They are very primitive citizens,
working honorably, working with their family, with their children.
And we have already made such an assumption that not only those in the light of the ego,
who lived in the Soviet times, were sitting in the holes.
Well, the Russian citizens, the prime citizens, I once again say,
are working honest and honest, who now have,
too, let's go to Bulgaria.
This will be a big challenge, a challenge against their citizens
and a challenge of international level.
This is a very simple mistake,
and I think that the performance of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs